# find-ans-from-resource-doc

This service is trying to find the answer of the question based on the provided document.
For example, I copied the product description from Amazon.com as the provided document and
asked a question. Instead of finding the answer myself from the product description, 
the service will try to find the answer for me.

    request:

    curl --location --request GET 'http://localhost:8080/ans-from-resource-doc' \
    --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
    --data-raw '{
    "resourceDoc": "kinhank X5 PRO Retro Gaming Console is equipped with a 4T hard drive, pre-installed with 16,000+ games, including most 3D games, no need to download and install, compatible with most 64-bit emulators, supports adding/deleting/saving/searching/collecting games, enriching you entertainment life. kinhank Retro Console adopts the latest RockChip RK3588S chip, 8-core 64-bit CPU, clocked up to 2.4GHz, ARM Mali-G610 MP4 quad-core GPU, providing more stable performance. 8G DDR4+64G eMMC provides larger storage space and can support up to 18T hard drive expansion Kinhank X5 PRO Android box supports 8K@60fps Ultra HD, providing higher-definition picture quality and a more realistic visual experience when watching videos. Emulator Console built-in cooling fan, which automatically turns on when the computer is turned on, can effectively dissipate the heat generated by the host. Playing games for a long time can keep the body temperature at around 40°-60°, which is beneficial to the operation of large-scale games. Game Console supports 2.4G&5G WiFi 6, wider signal coverage, BT 5.0 supports linking with a variety of Bluetooth devices, with longer link distances, and Gigabit Ethernet can provide faster and more stable download and upload speeds",
    "question": "how many games do kinhank X5 pro have?"
    }'

    response:

    {
    "answer": "[16,000+, games]"
    }

The service is trying to get the vocabulary file and the Pytorch NLP model from AWS S3.
It is specfied in the properties file.

    vocabulary.file.url                    = https://djl-ai.s3.amazonaws.com/mlrepo/model/nlp/question_answer/ai/djl/pytorch/bertqa/0.0.1/bert-base-uncased-vocab.txt.gz
    pytorch.model.file.url                 = https://djl-ai.s3.amazonaws.com/mlrepo/model/nlp/question_answer/ai/djl/pytorch/bertqa/0.0.1/trace_bertqa.pt.gz
    local.vocabulary.pytorch.directory.url = build/pytorch/bertqa/
    local.vocabulary.file.name             = vocab.txt
    local.pytorch.file.name                = bertqa.pt
